---
layout: post
title: BuildYourOwnCurriculum named finalist in AEP's 2011 Distinguished Achievement Awards for excellence in educational resources
image: aep-award-2011.jpg
category:
  - news
  - award
---

School Software Group is pleased to announce that BuildYourOwnCurriculum (BYOC) has been named a finalist in the 2011 AEP Awards, the highest standard for quality, professional educational resources and excellence in education marketing. The Association of Educational Publishers' annual awards program and its seal of excellence are widely recognized by educators, administrators, and parents as a mark of outstanding educational value.

BuildYourOwnCurriculum is a finalist in the Distinguished Achievement Awards for Technology/Administration. The Distinguished Achievement Awards (DAAs) are judged according to category (Curriculum, Periodicals, Professional Development, and Technology), subject area, and grade level. Entries are evaluated on traits such as efficacy, usability, and overall educational value. The full list of finalists for this year's DAAs is posted online at <http://www.AEPweb.org/awards/finalists.htm>.

## About the AEP Awards

For more than four decades, the AEP Awards have honored outstanding resources for teaching and learning in all media and for any educational setting. Award winners meet the highest standards for quality, professional content for education and represent the most innovative learning solutions currently on the market.

One of the largest and longest-running programs of its kind, the AEP Awards and its seal of excellence are widely recognized by educators, administrators, and parents as a mark of outstanding educational value. Find out more at <http://www.AEPweb.org/awards>.
